language: en-US
tone_instructions: 
early_access: True
enable_free_tier: True
auto_resolve_threads: True
reviews.profile: chill
reviews.request_changes_workflow: True
reviews.high_level_summary: True
reviews.high_level_summary_placeholder: @coderabbitai summary
reviews.high_level_summary_in_walkthrough: False
reviews.auto_title_placeholder: @coderabbitai
reviews.auto_title_instructions: 
reviews.review_status: True
reviews.commit_status: True
reviews.fail_commit_status: False
reviews.collapse_walkthrough: False
reviews.changed_files_summary: True
reviews.sequence_diagrams: True
reviews.assess_linked_issues: True
reviews.related_issues: True
reviews.related_prs: True
reviews.suggested_labels: True
reviews.auto_apply_labels: False
reviews.suggested_reviewers: True
reviews.auto_assign_reviewers: False
reviews.poem: False
reviews.labeling_instructions: []
reviews.path_filters: []
reviews.path_instructions: []
reviews.abort_on_close: True
reviews.auto_review.enabled: True
reviews.auto_review.auto_incremental_review: True
reviews.auto_review.ignore_title_keywords: []
reviews.auto_review.labels: []
reviews.auto_review.drafts: False
reviews.auto_review.base_branches: []
reviews.finishing_touches.docstrings.enabled: True
reviews.tools.shellcheck.enabled: True
reviews.tools.ruff.enabled: True
reviews.tools.markdownlint.enabled: True
reviews.tools.github-checks.enabled: True
reviews.tools.github-checks.timeout_ms: 90000
reviews.tools.languagetool.enabled: True
reviews.tools.languagetool.enabled_only: False
reviews.tools.languagetool.level: default
reviews.tools.biome.enabled: True
reviews.tools.hadolint.enabled: True
reviews.tools.swiftlint.enabled: True
reviews.tools.phpstan.enabled: True
reviews.tools.phpstan.level: default
reviews.tools.golangci-lint.enabled: True
reviews.tools.yamllint.enabled: True
reviews.tools.gitleaks.enabled: True
reviews.tools.checkov.enabled: True
reviews.tools.detekt.enabled: True
reviews.tools.eslint.enabled: True
reviews.tools.rubocop.enabled: True
reviews.tools.buf.enabled: True
reviews.tools.regal.enabled: True
reviews.tools.actionlint.enabled: True
reviews.tools.pmd.enabled: True
reviews.tools.cppcheck.enabled: True
reviews.tools.semgrep.enabled: True
reviews.tools.circleci.enabled: True
chat.auto_reply: True
chat.create_issues: True
chat.integrations.jira.usage: auto
chat.integrations.linear.usage: auto
knowledge_base.opt_out: False
knowledge_base.web_search.enabled: True
knowledge_base.learnings.scope: auto
knowledge_base.issues.scope: auto
knowledge_base.jira.usage: auto
knowledge_base.jira.project_keys: []
knowledge_base.linear.usage: auto
knowledge_base.linear.team_keys: []
knowledge_base.pull_requests.scope: auto
code_generation.docstrings.language: en-US
